feat(jobs): permissions precisions (#5657)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/iam/reference-content/permission-sets.mdx

| FunctionsFullAccess          | Full access to create, read, list, edit and delete Functions                          |
| MessagingAndQueuingReadOnly  | List and read access to Messaging                                             |
| MessagingAndQueuingFullAccess | Full access to create, read, list, edit and delete Messaging                          |

> | ServerlessJobsFullAccess     | Full access to create, read, list, edit and delete job definition/run. To start a job, in some conditions permissions to Registry and Secret Manager can be required. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ServerlessJobsFullAccess     | Full access to create, read, list, edit and delete job definition/run. To start a job, in some conditions, permissions for Registry and Secret Manager may be required. |
```
